A memory relay, and associated memory chip
Memory Relay
Type
YOLOL device
Function
Storing YOLOL data
Size
48 × 24 × 48 cm
Mass
409.84 kg
Volume
41.19 kv
Corrosion resistance
410
Primary material
Bastium
Input / Output
Electric input
Passive
Sockets
4
Chip slots
2
Modular interfaces
2
Composition
Ajatite
20%
Bastium
45%
Vokarium
35%
The memory relay is a device used to transfer data fields from one memory chip to another, allowing for device fields to be linked with different field names.
Memory relays separate sub-networks allowing for one-way broadcasting of variable changes, enabling the creation of modular YOLOL systems.
Basic information
Memory Relays are connected to two separate data networks via cable sockets located at both ends of the device, or via a connection to a modular device rack. Facing the device's 'front' (where the memory chips are inserted):
The left side of the relay acts as the "input" connection.
The right side of the relay acts as the "output" connection.
When the relay is powered, changes made to device fields on the input chip will propagate to the corresponding device field on the output chip. Data which occupies a device field on the left side of the relay will be propagated to the device field with a matching index on the right side of the relay. For example: The data in device field #3 on the input (left) chip will be automatically propagated to device field #3 on the output (right) chip. However, both sides of the relay must be enabled for the data to propagate: Disabling either side will prevent this transfer.
Values between networks are not automatically synchronized.
This means that connected networks may contain different values for similarly named device fields.
Power and Data
Power is not shared between the two sides of the Memory relay. 
To connect power to both sides, you can
if you e.g. only want to translate variables to a different name
connect the two sockets by cable
if you want to transmit data to isolated networks
use with a network relay
Device fields
The memory relay has two distinct sub-components which have unique device fields, as the left and right side of the device. These device fields can only be accessed by interacting with the appropriate sub-component.
YOLOL field
Description
Range
IsMasterEnabled
On / Off, left side
0 / 1
IsEnabled
On / Off, right side
0 / 1
To learn more about how to use fields, consult these wiki pages:
Universal Tool
Data networks
YOLOL